docs/index.rst, before:

.. MY Proj documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Feb 14 16:47:54 2024.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to my Data Science Hub!
============================================

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do 
eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut 
enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris 
nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in 
reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat 
nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, 
sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   myst_markdown_demos.md
   ./_notebook_build/_01_example_notebook.ipynb
   ./_notebook_build/_02_pca_index_visualizations.ipynb
   ./_notebook_build/_03_pca_index_dashboard.ipynb
   api.rst

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do 
eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut 
enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris 
nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in 
reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat 
nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, 
sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Added into the welcome page

docs/index.rst, after:

.. MY Proj documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Feb 14 16:47:54 2024.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to my Data Science Hub!
============================================

Hi there! Welcome to my little corner of the internet. I'm [Diego Almau], a data enthusiast, explorer of the unknown, and, occasionally, a Python whisperer. Before we dive into the nitty-gritty of data science, machine learning, and all things tech, here's a little about my journey and how I got to where I am today.

About Me
-------------------------------

.. template::

    - **Early Beginnings**: My first steps into data science were in high school, when I started takng and analyzing data for the soccer team to help the coaching staff.

    - **Education**: My economics undergraduate years gave me a wide array of statistical and mathematical tools to face data-related challenges. Here, I also discovered a great curiosity for exploring data of any type to proof or find new economic behaviours. 

    - **Current Endeavors**: These days I am looking towards polishing my knowledge of mathematics, statistics and computer science and apply these tools to financial markets by pursuing a Master's in Financial Mathematics at the University of Chicago.

A Spoonful of Humor and Curiosity
---------------------------------

Did you know that data scientists are great at parties? They can bring their own "plots"! And speaking of plots, here's a little data science curiosity: The term "machine learning" was coined in 1959 by Arthur Samuel, a pioneer in the field of artificial intelligence. Yet, it took a good few decades before we could truly harness the power of machine learning algorithms to make sense of vast amounts of data.


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
